lib/httpserver: handle preflight HTTP requests properly (#10472)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> * FEATURE: all VictoriaMetrics binaries: implemented proper CORS preflight handling. See [#5563](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5563).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: all VictoriaMetrics components: implement proper CORS preflight handling by responding 204 No Content to HTTP OPTIONS requests. See [#5563](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5563).
```
